README.md, before:

# LicenseKit

<p align="center">
    <img src ="Resources/Logo.png" width=600 />
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/LicenseKit/LicenseKit?color=%2300550&sort=semver" alt="Version" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/LicenseKit.svg?style=flat" alt="Platform" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.5-orange.svg" alt="Swift 5.5" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/KeyboardKit/KeyboardKit" alt="Closed-Source License" />
    <a href="https://twitter.com/danielsaidi">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/contact-@danielsaidi-blue.svg?style=flat" alt="Twitter: @danielsaidi" />
    </a>
</p>


## About LicenseKit

LicenseKit helps you protect your closed-source `Swift` libraries behind a commercial license.

With LicenseKit, you can require a license key before developers can start using your libraries.

LicenseKit supports standard and custom license models. This means that a LicenseKit license can specify things like expiration date, valid bundle IDs etc. but also domain-specific features.



## Platform Support

LicenseKit supports the following platforms:

* iOS 13.0
* macOS 11.0
* tvOS 13.0
* watchOS 6.0

This means that you can distribute your closed-source licensed to all major Apple platforms.



## Installation

The best way to install LicenseKit is with the Swift Package Manager.

```
https://github.com/danielsaidi/LicenseKit.git
```

LicenseKit must also be added to any application that uses your library.



## Getting started

Once LicenseKit is added to your project, you need to obtain a license before you can start using it.

[Read more here][Getting-Started]



## Documentation

The LicenseKit documentation contains extensive information, code examples etc. and makes it easy to overview the various parts of the library.

You can either [download][Documentation] the documentation or build it directly in Xcode, using `Product/Build Documentation`.



## Contact

Feel free to reach out if you have questions or if you want to contribute in any way:

* E-mail: [daniel.saidi@gmail.com][Email]
* Twitter: [@danielsaidi][Twitter]
* Website: [danielsaidi.com][Website]



## License

LicenseKit is closed source. See the [LICENSE][License] file for more info.



[Email]: mailto:daniel.saidi@gmail.com
[Twitter]: http://www.twitter.com/danielsaidi
[Website]: https://getlicensekit.com
[Licenses]: https://getlicensekit.com/pro

[Documentation]: https://github.com/danielsaidi/Documentation/blob/main/Docs/LicenseKit.doccarchive.zip?raw=true
[License]: https://github.com/danielsaidi/LicenseKit/blob/master/LICENSE

[Getting-Started]: https://github.com/danielsaidi/LicenseKit/blob/master/Readmes/Getting-Started.md

Commit message:

Make package link to 0.1 binary and add demo

README.md, after:

# LicenseKit

<p align="center">
    <img src ="Resources/Logo.png" width=600 />
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/LicenseKit/LicenseKit?color=%2300550&sort=semver" alt="Version" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/LicenseKit.svg?style=flat" alt="Platform" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.5-orange.svg" alt="Swift 5.5" />
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/KeyboardKit/KeyboardKit" alt="Closed-Source License" />
    <a href="https://twitter.com/danielsaidi">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/contact-@danielsaidi-blue.svg?style=flat" alt="Twitter: @danielsaidi" />
    </a>
</p>


## About LicenseKit

LicenseKit helps you protect your Swift-based apps and libraries with a commercial license. With LicenseKit, you can require that users register a valid license key before they can start using your products or certain features within. 

LicenseKit lets you specify expiration date, supported platforms (iOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS), bundle IDs, tier etc. for each license and validate the current license whenever you want.

LicenseKit requires a commercial license. You can obtain a license from the [LicenseKit website][Licenses].



## Platform Support

LicenseKit supports the following platforms:

* iOS 13.0
* macOS 11.0
* tvOS 13.0
* watchOS 6.0

This means that you can use LicenseKit to protect your software on all major Apple platforms.



## Installation

The best way to install LicenseKit is with the Swift Package Manager.

```
https://github.com/danielsaidi/LicenseKit.git
```

If you are building an app, LicenseKit only has to be added to the app target. If you are building a library, make sure to setup SPM so that your users adds both your library and LicenseKit.



## Getting started

Once LicenseKit is added to your project, you need to obtain a license before you can start using it.

[Read more here][Getting-Started]



## Documentation

The LicenseKit documentation contains extensive information, code examples etc.

You can [download][Documentation] the documentation and open it with Xcode.



## Demo app

This repository contains a demo package and a demo app that demonstrates how to use LicenseKit.



## Contact

Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or need help any way:

* E-mail: [daniel.saidi@gmail.com][Email]
* Twitter: [@danielsaidi][Twitter]
* Website: [danielsaidi.com][Website]



## License

LicenseKit is closed source. See the [LICENSE][License] file for more info.



[Email]: mailto:daniel.saidi@gmail.com
[Twitter]: http://www.twitter.com/danielsaidi
[Website]: https://getlicensekit.com
[Licenses]: https://getlicensekit.com/licenses

[Documentation]: https://github.com/danielsaidi/Documentation/blob/main/Docs/LicenseKit.doccarchive.zip?raw=true
[License]: https://github.com/danielsaidi/LicenseKit/blob/master/LICENSE

[Getting-Started]: https://github.com/danielsaidi/LicenseKit/blob/master/Readmes/Getting-Started.md
